[Applause]
people of the world your setups they're
disgusting but have no fear for I the
setup doxer can fix it I have the
technology bad cable management it's
disease and someone's got to cure it
that's why lonus became the setup doctor
brought to you by eof flow's Delta 3
plus portable power station our first
patient will be longtime viewer Ash hi
my name is Ash I'm a full-time software
developer but I also tutor kids how to
make games with scratch and python I
also stream like once a week and I I
draw on
Twitch right out of the gate the vibe in
here is best described with one word
Obsession that is accur the obsessions I
can't tell what's stronger Lego Pokemon
or pandas even your power brick is held
up with Lego was this really the most
efficient and effect wow it really holds
on yeah like what is the deal with this
do you have a packed with Nintendo that
you just buy anything they produce uh
pretty much but it's also like I'm a
retro game collector so it's got to be
like got to collect everything right is
that why you go byy Ash instead of
Ashley no my parents called me Ashley
but my friends call me Ash so it depends
like who you are I see I mainly play on
the Nintendo switch so my favorite
series is Pokémon and Legend of Zelda wi
w being my favorite Nintendo please
please remaster Wind Waker I designed
some of the spines as well and printed
them myself so it's it's been it's been
really fun all of which is fine and
totally makes sense but I guess my
question is what was your mood when you
were organizing this
chaos I honestly never really considered
how important cable management is and
ever since moving in like 3 years ago
once I have my computer set up was just
like out of sight out of mind kind of
thing this whole place just has the most
intense gamer Den vibe that I think I
have ever encountered well the goal was
a couple setup really yeah so my
boyfriend's on this side I'm on the
other side how many members are there of
your pod such that you need this many
keyboards okay so this one isn't my
obsession this is my partner's and he
really doesn't want people touching them
two labels I believe it was used for
work maybe at the office so uh-huh and
one label wasn't enough no my partner is
Chapman we've been together for quite a
while almost 11 years but over labeling
your possessions is hardly a sin the
keyboard Community is going to have a
field day on this come on get over here
and explain yourself okay I'm pretty
sure you use the g710 for a while in the
office I know and you've seen the way
they crap on me for it this one still
works I know it still works
but and also experimenting explain
yourself it was cheap on clearance okay
you're the one who made the power bar
holder was that not
obvious it is is the Lego of controllers
in order to organize this though I feel
like we're going to need to clear a
little bit of space I think this chair
is the first thing that's got to go and
oh okay that was so it doesn't damage
the wall cuz we're still in a rental
okay I thought that was like a peel from
the box and I was going to say you and
Andy would be best friends I'll try not
to Dent your wall too much or knock over
your
pandas well you're Ked out you got the
foot wrist oh wow it's comfy right yeah
I could get used to
this it uh rotates clockwise ites I did
not mean to crash into
there the funniest thing I think about
your setup is that on the surface it
really doesn't look that bad it's not
until you dig deeper and
realize there's a whole ass monitor that
isn't connected to anything in here I
got that from work when we started
working from home permanently and I
don't know what to do with it so yep
next to the Skelly sorry that guy
escaped from the closet and there's more
Classics the cable that isn't connected
to anything I was using that to charge
my phone at some point from what the air
yes you were just drawing power from
cloud cloud charging Cloud charging
Chapman's is kind of okay so why didn't
uh why didn't he do yours yeah
CH I mean I didn't know what she wanted
and you know this takes a lot of work
you didn't know what she wanted so you
went with nothing fellas out there
That's a classic use it tell me this is
there a reason that you're doing the
whole two keyboards two mice thing and
instead of a KVM the reason why I have
the two keyboards is that when I'm
working it's mainly the wide Monitor and
the keyboard but then I also have like
my other monitor connected to my desktop
with the other keyboard so that I can be
on Discord YouTube please don't get mad
at me boss and then this mouse is just
like to so that your Jiggler has
something to move or no that's actually
the one connected to my work laptop so
the one that has a Jiggler yes no no no
no no no no no she didn't say that she
didn't say that I was making a joke
don't fire her can support my hobbies if
I don't have a job yeah you do have a
lot of them so you draw yes I do a slice
of Life Comics I draw like little silly
life events I'll probably do one of this
as well so where do you publish these on
just on to pass and web Tunes oh my God
you also have a huge steam collection no
not that huge it's like maybe 100 just
100 yeah you describe a 100 games in
Steam the way that someone with an
entire shelf devoted to switch games I'm
more of a console game than a PC Gamer
oh my God there's even more there's DS
games all over the Shelf here they're
all Pokemon you know they're all the
same game right yes exactly it's the
same formula for the longest time though
Aro is actually pretty good enough
chitchat though it's time to get to work
Adam what's the plan cable manage
everything don't cry how are we all
going to fit and working here just like
this barely that's how it's not that
that bad on the surface but then like
why is this keyboard plugged into the
front IO you know like it could just be
tucked away here's more cables that are
not plugged into anything hey Ash catch
them haha ha sorry okay I'm done I won't
make that joke again I don't think I've
ever seen something this fuzzy and the
fuzziness is not just the fuzziness but
also the
dust not making it better nope a whole
last other pair of headphones here dude
there's so many pairs of headphones in
this apartment that was actually free I
don't know what to do with it sell it
yeah Facebook Market Marketplace we'll
sign it
and that would work yeah we should have
picked up on that from the fact that you
don't know to sell your old DS games
once you've moved on to playing switch
games no man those are those are cool
those are DS are actually considered
retro
Now isn't that brutal I love this this
is about as Dusty as I expect these to
generally be you've got your four keys
that you use a lot yes your four keys
that you use a bit and then the 12 that
you never touch yes so undo new new file
save and transform where the hell is
this plugged into Adam here why is this
oh my
God it was plugged into this monitor arm
so like credit for labeling your cables
yes but uh bad credit for being like
let's plug it in directly across my
entire desk so do you stream switch
games as well is that why you have a
dock here you just collect docks
occasionally I would stream like cozy
games like easy games to play when I'm
not feeling like drawing tell me this
how many Nintendo switch docs do you
have three I bought one for the office I
have the Zelda one so you do collect
dogs yes well not really I would like
the Animal Crossing one too that one's
really cute but what don't you collect
yeah dead bod I love what do you mean
what do you mean don't lie you're not
supposed to see that one what am I
looking at here Pokémon cards my friend
got me into collecting the 151 it was
really bad that's a bad friend this is
pretty clean for the most part did you
build your computer I built it last year
for my birthday pretty clean don't show
the backside oh gross I didn't know
those filters existed oh God you can see
that why do you have so many VGA cables
good question I don't actually
know do you use these Logitech speakers
nope this is a universal docking station
uh work gave it to me I couldn't figure
out how to Fook it up we're going to use
it today great this is great dude this
has everything you need you had all your
peripherals plugged into like little
unpowered hubs and stuff I'm amazed that
you didn't overload it did you ever plug
something into that little dinky Hub and
just have it not not work not that I can
remember yeah but you also didn't
remember you had speakers so credibility
shot wow lots of dust bunnies I'm going
to go on here and say you probably don't
own a cleaning cloth so uh I'm no I'm
kidding can I have a cleaning cloth let
me think damn cloth let me
think if I asked her where a particular
Pokemon game though it's boom I'm on it
oh thank you uh all right let's
uh what was
that nothing was the neighbor telling us
to keep it down I kind of want to
explore the idea of having the secondary
monitor here
because us kind
of drawing more like in the corner which
would allow us to shoot into the corner
which would make this space look a
little bit nicer and I would love to
explore the idea of talking about our
sponsor ecoflow not only are we cable
managing we're also setting you up with
oh God it's heavy a UPS what is it great
question it's the ecoflow Delta 3 plus
portable power station now you might be
asking what's a big old portable battery
doing in a home setup upgrade while the
ecoflow Delta 3 plus has a sub 10
millisecond switch overtime meaning that
this can act as an uninterruptable power
supply protecting your Hardware from
Power disruptions and your Hardware will
just keep working away thanks to the
1,24 WTH battery inside this thing
should you find you need more stored
energy you can use ecof flow's Delta
ecosystem and add additional batteries
up to 5 KW hours and if you need to
supply a high power drw item simply turn
on X boost and get up to 2600 wat of
output and if the power's out for a long
time no worries you can charge this
thing via solar a gas generator or out
of the back of your car plugged directly
into AC though this will charge in under
an hour and it'll do it quietly thanks
to their ex quiet Tech but fast charging
hurts battery longevity doesn't it
thankfully an ecof flows app you can set
custom charging limits to make sure that
this thing outlasts its 5year warranty
the app also sends you remote alerts
when the power goes out and will let you
know just how much juice is left in your
battery wait I just got a notification
says we have to go back to the video but
before you do that make sure to check
out the ecoflow Delta 3 plus in the link
in the video description we'll have to
find a spot for that as well first let's
wipe down this table this desk had like
structural junk on it look how easily it
moves I'm just wiping it and it just
moves all over the place
now you have this monitor arm that the
tablet is on that goes nice and low yeah
but the question is do you feel that
this is a good location like if you were
streaming and you had say like a chat up
here and you were drawing here cameras
around here yeah no I think this is
great and then you could have one
keyboard one Mouse here and then work
keyboard work Mouse and then we can have
your laptop kind of in the background
wherever cuz you don't need your laptop
no with this extra space you could take
this shelf and put it on the table is
that going to be safe oh yeah you could
use it to display items for the stream
and then also you have more space to
walk through here okay
yeah is this a closet do you need to get
into this um we don't have to get into
oh okay sorry what's what's in here now
I'm now I'm
oh my
God oh
my God editor blur that I was wondering
when you guys are going to open the Clos
I was like if they don't open it yeah
that's perfectly fine with me sets built
or are they in there they're new this is
all stuff that's not built yet um we're
you trade oh my God this is your
Investment Portfolio I have to diversify
I have stocks in games I have stocks in
Lego oh okay let's just so you don't
need to get in there often let's just un
this the situation let's pretend that
doesn't
exist we're roasting heavier than it
looks hold on I need to keep it level
one moment please oh yes structural note
9 okay there we go I was using the phone
in my pocket to interesting I think we'd
want to rethink a little bit the sort of
arrangement like random PlayStation
boxes probably don't belong in the
background probably not but if we if we
kind of rethought the Shelf layout a
little bit
actually not bad if we go kind of camera
like this and tablet like this but tell
us now if it sucks and we will move it
we will put it back where it was let's
stick with it I do like it it's
different I can always reorganize what's
inside the shelves why don't we have
that be an ash task while you're working
on maybe I don't know some pandas we'll
figure it out Lego Pokémon one of my
many obsessions just
hunches something to go in there I'm
going to be figuring out Cable
Management on to the desk now you
already had this APC surge protector
thing but have you seen the most magical
part of the magnetic Cable Management
Solutions lineup no I have not it's
really cool so what you do is you take
this quarter 20 okay okay which is like
a standard threading so you can actually
use this threaded insert here to Mount
like cameras with these things and all
kinds of cool things but what it comes
with by default is this little quarter2
threaded weird geometry thing that is
designed to go into these little like
Keyhole things so you basically stick it
in there okay twist till it's nice and
tight and that's it now you have a
magnetic power strip but lonus the table
isn't really metal but wait there's
more we have adhesive and screw in metal
plates oh wow okay I can't tell if
you're faking it or not I'm
trying I can show that in action now
I've got the adhesive backs removed on
our little metal plates here so all we
got to do is figure out exactly where we
want to put this I'm kind of feeling
right right about here we place that
slide it off and then now I'm going to
screw these into the bottom of the table
and they will be perfectly
positioned we're going to get under here
and start plugging stuff into our
ecoflow power
supply alongside our magnetic Cable
Management products we've brought a few
products from other companies that are
also very Nifty one thing that I really
love are these little Runners that hide
the cables and makes them look like they
blend into your crown molding like look
at that what do you got there nothing
nothing nothing oh yeah I just poking
the crown molding I was just asking I
don't actually see anything yeah see
they don't they don't
know it's still a little chaotic but
it's starting to come together I feel
like we already have so much more space
in here yeah it's so clean and I can
actually see the table so we have all of
your peripherals are now plugged into
this wav link it's cleaned up so much
stuff just having this awesome dock
right there another product we really
like are these kind of zippable cable
sleeves they're great for when you want
to run a bunch of cables straight down
like say the leg or any kind of quick
run you can just zip as many of these
together as you need you simply kind of
grab all the cables you want to go and
then you just wrap around your five is a
different height than all the rest of
the key I know right what the hell it
has a cute face on it it looks upsetting
just put one Panda here and called it
done here you go all right this one
doesn't really match my vibe I need a
different Panda do you want one from
Calgary Panda me all right Calgary Panda
Calgary Zoo yeah Calgary Zoo were they
once had pandas yes I love the Calgary
Zoo Lower Mainland needs to get their
zoo game oh our zoo is terrible it's so
bad our zoo is so bad they shouldn't fix
it they should just get rid of it and
set the animals free in Abbotsford I
mean there's already cougars in
Vancouver how dare you talk about my
mother that way I'm sorry I was talking
about
you I am not old enough to be a cougar
oh I think you are you're like Prime
cougar age excuse yeah cuz cuz you're
young enough that like you would still
get laid if you went to the bar
questionable Lon is take it as a
compliment you have game you just don't
know it not with that hair
wa yeah I was sitting here I was trying
to make this all cute like he's looking
over the shoulder of the big Panda now I
don't really feel like putting in the
work there upside down Panda who gives a
anymore forget it okay that kind of
works yeah we got we got an issue we're
now cleaner on this side than we are on
the other side we're not cleaning the
other side we offered one cable
management upgrade Chapman gets nothing
Chapman gets nothing this is only for
ash Chapman your side's not looking good
step up your game you know he's going to
do it it's going to be all like custom
Lego you know cable holder or whatever
he still goes there oh yeah he totally
goes there or do you want him in the
corn do you want him oh yeah it should
be there 100% Adam it can't even be like
doing something like a hay beautiful
yeah sassy little side hip yeah oh my
god it works okay so so show me your
drawing drawing posture so I guess it
would be like over here we definitely
are not taking advantage of our super
cute backdrop right now okay but don't
look over here look look like you would
look and be comfortable like you would
ergonomic try to pretend you're
comfortable after everything we've gone
through today you know what it's not bad
but I feel like it could be
better there now your monitor's farther
away and your camera is where it needs
to be so then when we tuck this out of
the way it'll just just kind of hang out
over there right and where where did
this come from one of ours I mean it's
got dust on it so where is this dust
coming I just wiped this might be coming
from youus anything's possible but like
seriously 3 hours ago you watched me
wipe this desk what is this I can see
why you don't bother it just instantly
is Dusty again wait what what did did
you just unvi that I just added more of
my stuffies it looks cute why are there
Lions oh Lions is more Chatman thing
pandas are mine wow this looks great
let's bring your chair back in yeah sure
here we go oh boy oh my God how am I
doing I don't know use your eyes all my
eyes are looking at the chair you're
good you're good you're good okay watch
out on the right okay oh yeah what did
where did that come from was that from
you no I I I think that was from the
chair it just spawns from nowhere here
okay that's why they're dust bunnies
anyway how's it feel it feels really
clean I love it
[Music]
do you like it you don't have to Crane
your neck as much now anymore yes I
don't have to Crane my neck anymore and
I think my physiotherapist would be
probably pretty happy I have no idea if
she ever actually draws on paper but
what's kind of cool is there's enough of
the desk actually open over there that
you could theoretically you know do or I
could just leave my Pokemon cards there
the second we leave she's going to go
back to cluttering Chapman you're going
to hold her accountable though right for
what duration of time it can't this
can't be infinite just like this
infinite segue to our sponsor thanks
ecoflow thanks Ash thanks you for
watching and uh also if you want to get
an upgrade why don't you you just click
that link down in the description it's
going to be so much fun it's going to be
so awesome you'll get a thing we'll make
fun of you yeah we'll roast you and get
to roast them back yeah up top
the
[Laughter]